Do you believe this kid now?
It depends on what you mean.
Father God General said that this kid is fake
What do you think?
I still want to pretend to die side by side
I don't know
Hey, you two are really
You believe everything people say
Oops, if you want to die, you die yourself
You have to pull us
We want to live a few more years.
What nonsense are you talking about?
Give me peace
He is the king side by side
You don't believe
I can't help it either.
So far
Is it necessary to struggle?
Boy, I advise you
Better admit it sooner
If you admit it yourself
Maybe get angry
If we find out
And ask the lord to rule hum
Reality, don't regret it.
You think your mysterious pistol
I am the king of side by side
Even if the king is here
I still say this